You still have the nerve to propose marriage, why?
Did you say that as long as I have a million people buying my house?
Promise me to be with Ruoxue, why?
Could it be that you have a million dollars to buy a house?
Yes, still,
Do you think having one million is great?
No, I just want to prove that in order to give Ruoxue happiness,
I work very hard, very hard,
Useful, right?
No matter how hard you work, you will only get what you want. Even if you work hard all your life,
It won't change. Try the third one.
Just tell me
Ruoxue and I came here sincerely
I hope you can recognize us
If you have any requirements, you can make a proposal
I have a request and can make a proposal
Can you fulfill my request?
It would be great if I could
As long as you come up with an agreement, he will agree
is it true
I'm really scared. Do you need an explanation?
Do you know how many proposals there are? I do.
After you have me
He is a prisoner
You can get rid of the bad ones
He actually said that he has a crush on Luo Ying
As long as the kid is divided
But I was sent to the hospital for separation.
I really have an idea
If you don’t believe it, take a look for yourself